[cheerful music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Harvey ♪
♪ Harvey ♪
♪ ♪
[cheerful music]
- Grandpa?
Grandpa, look!
I've been practicing my fishing.
Easy...
gentle...
Ah. Okay.
Then we throw it back.
- Mm.
- Who's ready for our father/son
camping adventure?
- I am! I love spending time
with my family.
Mm.
I'm gonna have a glass
of chocolate milk.
- Wow, the sunrise is
gorgeous today.
- Mm, yeah.
- Hey, remember
our first camping trip?
I still have the photo.
Look how excited we were.
Huh, that's weird.
I remember you smiling.
- I am smiling.
- Uh, yeah, okay.
You know, Dad,
I'm really glad
we get to share
this trip together.
[sniffles]
- Mm.
- Gosh, and now
I've got my own kids.
Time sure flies, huh?
- [slurps]
- Well, I better go load up
the supplies.
- [sniffs]
- Did you say something, Dad?
- No, I'm just breathing.
- Oh, I thought
I heard a--
Okay.
[polka music]
♪ ♪
[camera shutter clicks]
- I'm gonna capture
so many memories.
- So, Dad, what are you looking
forward to most this weekend?
- Ah, you know, the quiet.
- Uh-huh, yeah, sure.
That sounds great.
Oh, hey, look.
Look at all of our friends here.
[indistinct chatter
and laughter]
- Hey,
the Beaks boys are here.
- Oh-ho-ho, man,
now it's a party.
[camera shutter clicks]
- Who are these people?
- Wow!
Everyone is
on a father/son retreat.
- Yep, me and my dad are
so pumped for this.
We love camping together.
- Um, that's a statue.
- It's a long story.
- Oh, oh, I have an idea.
Why don't we all camp together?
Uh, here, go mingle.
- Dad, what's going on?
I thought this was
a family trip.
- I have a confession.
This weekend isn't
just about us camping.
I want my dad to open up
about his feelings.
- You mean like how we're open
about our feelings
with each other?
- Yes, exactly.
- Like how I can tell you
whenever I feel--
- Not now, son.
He's my dad,
but I don't really know
much about him.
Like, what's
his favorite ice cream flavor?
Is it chocolate or pistachio?
The books I've read said
it's easier to open up
in a group setting.
- Wow, if a book said it,
then it must be true.
- I'm gonna need your help.
- Yeah.
Let's make Grandpa cry.
- Let's go around
and just share something
we've never told anyone before.
- I thought we were just
gonna roast some marshmallows.
- Dad, don't worry.
We're just having some guy talk.
Here, I'll start.
The new baby keeps
Miriam and I up all night
with her crying,
and sometimes...
that makes me feel like
a real grouch.
- Sometimes
I like to turn down my beats
and just listen to the rain.
It makes me feel wistful.
- Bro, me too!
- Whoa, I thought
I was the only one.
- That's good.
- Sometimes
I think I'm always preparing
for future disasters,
but I'm never enjoying
the present.
- Well, I like
using my wife's razor to shave.
It's lighter,
and it makes me feel nice.
- This is--this is all
very personal.
- Guys, let's all get up
and form a ring of compassion
around Mitch.
- Yeah, yeah, we should come on
and go help him out.
- Yeah, love you, Dad.
Yeah, you're amazing.
- What about you, Dad?
Do you have anything
to share...
specifically with me...
your son?
- Uh...
[clears throat]
I feel...
like I got to use
the bathroom.
[snoring]
[soft dramatic music]
- Dad?
- Yeah?
- What you thinking about?
- Mm, nothing.
- Come on.
You can't fool me.
- [sighs]
I don't think my plan
to have Grandpa open up
is gonna work.
- You've got
the whole weekend.
I know you can do it.
I believe in you.
- Thanks, son.
Tomorrow
I'm gonna double down
and have an honest, open moment
with my father.
- [snoring]
♪ ♪
- Okay, Dad, I want you
to cross your arms
and let yourself fall back
so Harvey and I can catch you.
- Uh, this doesn't feel right.
Better.
- Mm, no, but the--
but the point
of the trust exercise is--
- Mm...
[grunts]
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
That's enough of that.
♪ ♪
- I got you, Dad.
- This one's called
the Trust Cage.
While our hands are linked,
we each share something
and untangle ourselves
to get free.
- [ grumbles]
It's really hot in here.
You know, this is
how bees kill each other.
- No cheating, Grandpa.
You have to communicate
to get out.
- Yo, sorry, everybody,
but I'm not wearing deodorant.
- Tell me something.
What are you feeling?
The longer you stay silent,
the longer we stay tangled.
- [grunting]
♪ ♪
There.
[both screaming]
both:
I've got emotions!
- Okay, Dad, your turn
to do the yelling sprint.
- Whoo.
- Harvey and I are waiting
to hug you at the finish line.
- [grunts]
- I got you, Grandpa.
- Uh, I think I'm gonna
go back to camp.
- Whee!
- Time to sit.
- Are you having fun, Grandpa?
Isn't being emotionally honest
the best?
- This is
a very strange camping trip.
- "Strange"?
I don't think Dad
wants you to feel strange.
He just wants to bond with you.
- Bond?
Why didn't he say so?
I know how to do that.
[soft music]
♪ ♪
- So, um, Dad,
what do you call this exercise?
- Fishing.
- I get it--the fish are like
traumatic memories,
and the poles
represent healing.
- The water is obviously
a window and a mirror.
- I think we're forgetting
to use "I feel" statements.
You should say,
"I feel that the water is--"
- Okay, I'm experiencing a lot
of micro-aggression right now.
- Dad, this is great,
but there's not much room
for us to connect
if we just sit in silence.
- I think all this talking
is scaring away the fish.
- Mm.
Maybe this was a mistake.
You guys have fun fishing.
I'm--I'm just gonna go.
- Grandpa...
- Uh, um, son, wait.
Listen, this is,
uh, very new to me.
I-I-I don't--I don't know
what you want from me,
but I want to try.
- You--you mean it?
- Mm-hmm.
♪ ♪
- I'm gonna guide you
on a trust walk.
- Do I have to wear
a blindfold?
- Yes, you've got to trust me
to give you directions
to get through this.
When we emerge, we'll have a
stronger bond than ever before.
Just keep going straight.
- Okay.
- Slight left.
- All right.
- Do you feel yourself
being more open yet?
- I just feel like I can't see.
- We'll get there together, Dad.
I really appreciate
you giving this a try.
Ooh, what's that?
Well, hello, there.
Oh, is that a picture of me?
Oh, that's really something.
It looks just--Dad?
Dad?
- Oh, they're back already.
[camera shutter clicks]
- This is terrible!
- What happened?
- I lost Grandpa!
- You did what?
- [screams]
Aah, aah, aah!
- Aah, this is my fault!
- Where did you see him last?
- I think we were by
the sharp sticks and quicksand.
- Oh, no, look!
Grandpa!
- Grandpa?
I'm only 29!
- Have you seen
an old man around?
- He's stout,
and he doesn't like hugs.
- Oh, yeah, he went that way.
[lilting tense music]
- [gasps]
Grandpa.
- Harvey, wait here.
I'll get him.
- Son, a-aren't you supposed
to be guiding me?
What's with
the silent treatment?
Oh, this is how you must feel
when you're around me.
Okay, point taken.
Doesn't feel good.
Well, right now
I'm wishing I had
some accordion music.
I find it soothing.
- What?
I never knew that.
- You haven't made a peep,
so I guess you want me
to keep going.
Let me see, um, well,
I have a strong stance
on pretzels.
- Oh, Grandpa, we found you!
- [whispering] Harvey, wait.
Let's just go with it.
The silence, it's making Dad
open up for the first time ever.
- But he could get hurt.
- I don't want to mess this up.
If we don't make any sounds,
then Dad will feel safe
to just keep sharing.
- No, seriously, he's gonna
get hurt right now. Look!
- In my book, pretzel chips
are not actually pretzels.
[all chomping and growling]
- [gasps]
I'm gonna save him very quietly.
- Well, I'm not
a fan of movies nowadays.
I didn't care for
the "Explosion World" sequel.
I'll say it.
I mean, sure,
the set pieces were fun,
but it's like everything
in the first movie
never even happened.
- [gasps]
- They just threw away
all the character development.
It was a real shame.
And I got into baking
because it's like chemistry.
And that's why I don't keep
those cookies in the house.
I can't.
I'll eat them all.
- [gurgling]
- I guess my most favorite smell
is laundry detergent.
- [gasps]
Mm...
[grunts]
[straining]
[soft dramatic music]
- Son, I--
You know,
I know we're very different
and sometimes I can be tough,
but, um, I-I just want to say,
I'm proud of you.
You're not
the physically strong type,
but you carry
a lot of emotional weight.
You're a good father,
and you're a good son.
- [squeaks]
- All right,
um, enough of that.
So let's, uh, finish
this trust walk.
[soft music]
- [panting]
We made it.
- Good.
Ah, what a nice sunset.
- Dad, Grandpa.
- Harvey.
- Did you know
about the stair lift
that goes all the way
up the mountain?
- Well, that--that went
pretty smoothly.
- Actually,
there were several close calls.
- I told you
you'd be save with me.
- [muffled]
He wasn't, though.
- I really feel like
I get you now, Dad.
- Mm-hmm.
- Well, we better head back.
- We could, uh, take
a picture.
- Really?
Sure!
♪ ♪
[camera shutter clicking]
[lilting music]
- [laughs]
- You'll never catch us,
Sheriff Beaks.
- You evil twins have done
messed things up
for the last time.
[all laughing]
[both grunt]
- [laughs]
- [grunts]
[soft dramatic music]
- You okay?
- Yeah, my head broke my fall.
Hey, it's kind of neat
down here.
[gasps]
Guys, you got to see this!
both: Whoa!
- What do you think's inside?
- Pirate booty!
- What if it's
just another bag
and then we open that bag
and find another bag,
then another, then another,
until they get so small
that the last tiny bag just has
a little tiny note in it?
- What's the note say?
- Um...
"Always be yourself."
- I will.
- Come on,
open it already.
♪ ♪
all: Whoa.
- They look like weird plants.
Who do you think
these belong to?
- Who cares?
They're ours now.
[growls]
Ew, what even are these things?
[suspenseful music]
all: Whoa.
Whoa.
- That was so cool!
- That was so amazing!
- That was the best thing
I've ever seen in my life.
- I want to try one.
Ha ha ha.
♪ ♪
- Oh, jeez.
- Dude, are you all right?
- Don't worry, guys.
I'm fine.
Oh.
- Oh, my gosh,
he's dismembered.
I think--I think
I'm gonna be sick.
- Nah, it's just hair.
See?
[spits]
There.
- Oh, no.
- Okay, what if we set them
all off at the same time?
- Ooh, that could be cool.
- No!
Get away from those!
- Hey.
- Children...
oh, you shouldn't
be messing with those things.
They're the pods
of the Barkqoiuse plant,
and they're evil incarnate!
Anyone who plays with them
lives to regret it.
- Jeremy, you're kind of
freaking me out.
- Come on.
These don't seem so dangerous.
- Oh, you think so, huh?
[dramatic music]
- Ew, sick.
- Oh, my goodness.
- You look silly.
- Yeah, they seem fun
to play with.
They're so--so dangerous
and--and alluring, you know?
Just one look at them,
and you can--
Oh, what's that?
You want me to set you off?
Well, you know, maybe I'll--
I'll just set one off--
Aah, aah! Get this evil thing
away from me!
both: Aah!
[whistling]
- Man, I think Jeremy's right.
That bag is bad news.
We should probably
get rid of it.
- Don't worry.
I'm already on it.
- No, evil like this
can't be vanquished
with a measly hammer.
No, there's only one place
where those pods
can be safely destroyed.
You'll go
through Deathbark Woods,
trek through Swampbark Marsh,
hike along
the Steepbark Trail,
and then I think
you take a left or...
I don't know.
Maybe it's a right.
Anyhoo, you get
to the Bigbark Mountains,
and within those mountains
is a bottomless pit,
and that is where
you must throw the bag.
- Whoa.
Great.
Let's get moving, then.
- Me?
No, no, no, I can't.
Oh-ho, maybe I can...
No! I got to go take
a cold shower!
[screaming]
- Well, then, it's up to us.
♪ Doop doop,
going on a journey ♪
got a lot of walkin' ♪
♪ Doop doop,
doobie-doobie-doobie-doobie... ♪
- Psst.
Psst.
- Huh?
Who said that?
- Oh, hey, there,
little gremlin boy.
- Did you just talk?
Harvey, I think this bag
is a witch.
A wi--
- I ain't no witch.
I'm in your head.
- Wow.
People always say
there's nothing in my head.
- Hey, you look like a fun guy.
Tell me, slick,
you like to party?
- I like birthday parties.
- How about a plant pod party?
- Oh.
- Hey, Foo, how many of these
things you think I can whack?
Foo?
- Ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
- Maybe I better
hold the bag for a while.
- Bye, talking bag.
- Harvey,
do we really got to walk
all the way to the mountains?
What do you say we just go dump
this thing in a river somewhere.
- Fee, you know
we can't do that.
W-what if a baby finds it
and blows his little head off?
Oh, that's awful--
little headless babies
everywhere.
We have to dispose
of this thing properly.
[funky upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Psst, well,
hey, there, little lady.
- Buddy, don't try anything.
I got voices in my head telling
me what to do all the time.
- Cause some trouble.
Start a fire.
- Shoo, I'm busy.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
- [humming]
Hey, anyone want
a nutritious snack?
[gasps]
- I think I have a problem.
- No, you got to resist
the bag's power, Fee.
Resist it...
[ominous music]
Ha ha ha.
- We've got to be
more careful, guys.
This bag is powerful.
- You're right.
I'm sorry.
You got to carry it, Harvey.
- You're strong of will.
- Really?
Okay, I'll do it...
for the babies.
[lilting music]
♪ Doop doop,
resisting temptation ♪
saving the babies ♪
- Well, now,
that's some nice singing.
- Thank you, Mr. Bag.
- I bet you're responsible too.
- Oh, very much so.
I always take my vitamins,
and you'll never
see these teeth unbrushed.
- You're much more responsible
than the others.
- [humming]
- Heck...
Foo blew off his dang curl.
- I'd never do that.
- Exactly.
So why not have a little fun?
- Yeah, fun is good.
[gasps]
- Harvey, you okay?
- Oh, uh, totally.
The bag's just getting
kind of heavy.
Could you, like,
sing a song or something?
Just to keep me focused.
- ♪ Off on a journey,
treacherous and long ♪
♪ A perfect place
for a creepy folk song ♪
- ♪ I played with a plant,
and it blew off my curl ♪
♪ Those plant pods are dangerous
but really fun ♪
Oh, rhyming's hard.
all:
♪ Hi-ho, off we go ♪
♪ Three best friends
on an epic quest ♪
both:
♪ Harvey he's our hero ♪
all: ♪ Together we march
into the west ♪
- No, Foo, we want
to go this way.
- ♪ A bag of burden,
too heavy for a friend ♪
♪ So I must carry it
to the end ♪
♪ But I am careful,
I even cover my coughs ♪
♪ So what's the harm
in setting one off? ♪
♪ ♪
[laughs evilly]
- Harvey!
[ominous music]
- ♪ Washing my body ♪
[pod whistles and explodes]
So pretty...
No, no, I-I can't.
I-I must stay strong...
[grunts]
I'm coming for you, baby!
[laughs maniacally]
[explosions]
- What the heck, man?
- I-I don't know.
I--
- You were supposed
to be strong of will.
[grunting]
This bag is evil!
- [crying]
I-I'm so sorry, guys.
I don't know what came over me.
I was weak!
- Guys, we can't give up now.
- Shh.
- We're almost there.
♪ ♪
As individuals, we're weak,
but as a group,
we're less weak.
The only way we can destroy
this stupid thing
is by carrying it together.
- Or not.
all: ♪ Tired and weary
and starting to drag ♪
- ♪ You guys could
just party-- ♪
- ♪ Shut up, you dumb bag ♪
all: ♪ Journey's long,
but stay strong ♪
- ♪ Look, finish line ♪
all:
♪ Three brave travelers ♪
♪ We'll be just fine ♪
♪ ♪
- ♪ You ain't going nowhere ♪
♪ The plant pods are mine! ♪
[eerie music]
- [grunts]
- Ah, we made it.
I've never seen anything
so beautiful.
♪ ♪
It was a rough journey,
but we looked out for each other
because friends don't--
- Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's just
get rid of this dang thing.
- Okay. Let's do it
on the count of three.
- One...
- Two...
- Three.
- Okay, it's done.
Harvey?
What are you doing?
- But maybe
we shouldn't destroy the bag.
I mean, what's the bag
ever done to us?
- [panting]
[yells]
[grunts]
- [grunts]
- [grunting]
[both straining]
- Give me! Give it to me!
- No, no, it's mine.
- Jeremy!
- The bag is mine!
Give it to me!
- They're perfectly matched
in strength.
We have to help him.
[both shouting]
- [straining]
- Harvey,
get the bag to the pit.
- But I-I--
- Give me the bag!
I need it!
♪ ♪
- Oh, my gosh.
This bag changes people,
and it started to change me.
I don't want to end up
like Jeremy.
- Aw, don't worry about him.
Let's have a pod party!
- No, I'm tired of you
messing with me and my friends.
- Hey, hey, hey, come on, man.
I thought you were cool.
[both straining]
- [shouting]
- You'll never feel
the thrill of these pods again.
- That's enough out of you.
Time to go to hole.
- Aw, man.
- No!
- [sighs]
- Is it really over?
- I think so.
No one will ever have
to deal with those pods ever--
[pods whistling and exploding]
[wondrous music]
♪ ♪
- Wow.
Now, that was beautiful.
- It sure was.
Did anyone bring bandages?